What is the zip code for ireland?
Do you live in denver colorado?
What dies it mean to dream of a dead person that knows in the dream they are dying?
Did oil companies kill the electric car?
If I ran for president and won could I act really stupid and manage to not get impeached?
Can I take my 1st graders to the playboy mansion as a field trip??
Did scientists ever find the missing link to prove their evolution theory?
Vyacheslav Krasheninnikov predicted the Twins and the Statue of Liberty incidents, but what about the specifics?
Were the soldiers really spit on and called cruel names during the Vietnam War?
Has suspected terrorist Joshua Goldberg ever been to Israel?
If the Principal in Texas thought the clock was a bomb why didn't he evacuate the school?
Can I ask how many right wingers in CE got humped over the bacon sandwich?
Why is Victoria's Secret PINK so expensive when the clothes are so casual?
Can I call 911 on a cell phone that is deactivated?
Why did the media only show images of Trayvon Martin as a 12 year old?
Am I northern?
Getting abs like these?
What does it mean if your thoughts always end up in circular reasoning?
Nobody really knows. Though it has been speculated more than enough times, that the first humans orginated from the continent of ?
Oily Skin Help?
Do muslim parents know that their kids masturbate?
My armpits still stink?
Why are my pitbulls fighting?
Anyone know of Disneyland discount tickets?
How do you win at the board game Monopoly?
What is it called when you use "U" instead of "YOU"?
Are CONS still supporting Bristol Palin's sexual abstinence campaign?
Travelling Australia.. Where to start and how to plan?
Why does Yahoo and other news sources titillate with headlines such as " 4 Palestinians shot dead in Israel in latest violence"?
I'm sick and forced to school tomorrow?
Where to stay in Norway to see the Northern Lights?
What do i do!?! :(?
I am getting my wisdom teeth out soon (age 12) and I am a little scared because I watched a video of the procedure.?
Can you tell how good a fighter someone is just by looking at them?
Is Russell Stover chocolate good?
Why is Netanyahoo blaming the holocaust on Palestinian?
Why do people think the earth revolves around the sun?
Is Halloween 2: Season of the Witch required to watch?
Will Black Ops 3 be different for ps3 compared to ps4?
Are we in a race against time, to save our planet from 0.00035 mole fraction CO2?
What if we are born with only 16 chromosomes?
Which Game should i download?????
Can you convert an internal combustion auto engine to a hybrid for more power?
Should I report this to the school board? 4th grader daughter is being taught this in school?
Why do atheists keep screaming persecution if we refuse to vote for atheists?
I have heard many Christians say that Noah's Ark really happened and is not allegory, but why would they want that to be true?
Does Nibiru really exist and is it going to end the world before New Years. There have been sightings and I'm afraid.?
What does this symbol represent?
What's the perfect omelette?
Is this a coincidence these two native foods are hated by Muslims ?
Should i take my braces off by myself?
Do you think this would be a good gift plan?
Males, what makes a man a white knight?
Second psychic told me someone burned a black candle on me?
Not only do the vast majority of the worlds scientists believe global warming to be fact but the majority of the worlds religious clergy?
Minor Travelling Alone?
Why do Roma gypsy have eyes like crows, even when they own property?
What other inventions have females provided society besides the flat bottom paper grocery bag?
Why do my questions keep getting reviewed?
John Keats: phrase about shining eyes?
What's a good show on Netflix?
Is Kim Davis the last Christian to be persecuted for not bowing to the evil immoral agenda of the atheists and gays?
What to do when a girl doesn't realize she's being asked out??
Richard dawkin?
Fun 1 player games that aren't video game?
What drives a young preteen/young teen girls to wanting to try out alcohol, sex, etc?
My work calls me all the time!?
My wife's parents are upset because we got married so young?
Dreaming about a friend romantically.?
Artemis virus?
How dangerous is it to save someone from a burning car? How likely would it explode?
Question for native speakers of English. What is the meaning of IN in the phrase "in the first few days"?
Would you please cc this poem about a tree?
Why are employers so much more generous when paying employees in traditionally male professions?
My nine month old pitbull is pregnant?
How can I help my parents deal with me being a witch?
Is this lump cancer??
Can Former Landlord Have Me Arrested? !?
Can they squeeze any more money out of us? UK?
I did the homemade bleach and pee thing to test for pregnancy. I peed in a cup thing and then poured a little bleach in it and?
Do light-skinned Israel Jews accept the fact that Moses was an African?
Why can't Republicans at least agree to banning assault rifles?
How to turn on radiator?
Driving Etiquette: you're driving around a full parking lot (or deck), when the person in front of you stops after seeing someone getting?
Does the African Humid Period hold the key as to why we have NATURAL, abrupt Climate Shifts that affect the entire World?
Is Lexus SC 430 a chick magnet car?
My friend married a man with grown kids and grandchildren. She has talked her husband to buy a home in a gated community?
Auto Loan Question?
I shaved my mustache! I'm a girl?
If I had no friends in old age, how would it affect my level of wellbeing at that stage of life?
I just turned 31, I've been single all my life and know man wants me. I Just really want a baby, what should I do?
Why do some people make a second Facebook account?
Could I be pregnant?
What is more important, an engine, or a generator?
Dead language translator?
Friction and momentum problem?
How can we control traffic over bridges without divisors due to congestion ?
How to eran money with yahoo answers?
Are subwoofers supposed to play normal sound?
Why do people have sex?
I need seven beautiful celebrities that are not on this list, can you help or name any?
I m breaking out really bad?
I need a consumer camera/camcorder with USB video output. Suggest models?
What are the current alternatives that are being used to combat the obesity crisis in Australia?
Chances of having multiple STD's?
God wasn't mentioned once in this programme about suicide the programme went nowhere - just like we are going nowhere without God -?
Speakers or headphones?
Help with interacting with an autistic child!?
How to become A Metra train Enginer?
I need some names for a play group of Autistic children. Any Ideas?
Why do we even bother living?
How long can a population of 7.3B people survive by eating each other?
Why are most parents so against gaming?
Is Science a human construct or a body of immutable laws of God and read by human intelligence?
How to stop masturbating as a Muslim?
Will the new gers fans settle for being also rans next season?
Diabetes. I'm confused about this disease. Some years ago now my husband was diagnosed with Type 2 diabetes. He has been on Metformin?
Bush caused the global recession? Do these people bother to read? = = = > No respected, peer-reviewed analysis of...?
Why did my adult stepdaughter have a baby before me? I'm a Christian, newly married to her father and we planned to have children?
Long distance girlfriend wants me to move to England?
Why do people say that Palestine is not a country?
Why is Xbox One hated so much?
I work for Greggs and haven't been paid?
How to learn Mexican?
My friend is acting like a prostitute?
Evidence for Evolution or Natural selection?
What are your thoughts on global warming ?
My cat keeps licking himself and rubbing his head?
Best beginner motorcycle?
How to untangle cables & wires easily?
Why are boats so slow?
Where can I buy a hair straighter iron in London?
Would it be better for the ecoomy to simply stop being attached to one another than to get rid of the guns or to build safer mass transit?
Stopped shower drain, tried everything, what happened?
What time is it pacific time right now?
Will Hillary take away our guns?
What do you do about a husband that gambles and plays golf all the time?
What is the value of queen elizabeth-II 1789 2 pence coin?
Which is easier to learn? Acoustic Guitar or Electric Guitar?
Please Answer this!!!?
I'm a young, married mum. I no longer love my husband?
Popups on HP laptop?
DIY Studio Monitors?
Which is better to Live west Hollywood or north Hollywood?
What name is the best out of these?
What's a hobby for a sixteen year old guy?
INCOME REPORTING  Must I report a $350 check (NY)?
Political Correctness?
More than mini-blind?
I'm too scared to talk on the mic on Xbox?
Emiratis: Do you agree that your government's opposition to Islamism stems from their hatred of Islam?
What is going on with my dog?
Do French restauraunts have kids menus?
Why do black people still act suppressed?
Should I stay home from school?
Difference between a record and a vinyl?
Not to be inappropriate, but.. Why is a ******** called a ******** when you don't actually blow? you suck!?
Refund on debit card?
My older sister is a feminist. Does that mean she hates males?
Why does EVERYONE think One Direction broke up?
Who still has a landline phone these days?
Do guys prefer girls with naturally curly or naturally straight hair?
I think my dads dating someone??
Will we ever be able to change our picture on here again?
What is an example of a medical/scientific study that was given away for free?
My child's orchestra performance is dropping. How do I help him?
Writing a story, help with ages, numbers... Read for more information.?
Will my rats forget me?
How do I tell a vegan they accidentally ate eggs?
I literally repel guys?????
Can I E-Mail My Teacher?
Help with roommates bike?
Should I get her to abort the baby or should I send it to a care home?
My neighbour always parking his car in front of my house and making some trouble, I am planning to break Glass ?
Is there a point to living without purpose nor happiness?
Avoiding paying rent and mortgage.?
My 14 year old friend is having skype sex with a 24 year old man?
Why do PC gamers bash console gamers for playing on consoles?
How do i get my confidence back after a very serious fall on my horse?
Whoi is a better ODI batsman - AB Devilliers or Sachin Tendulkar?
How long should it take to retouch headshot photos?
Will everything go back on my card even though I used some cash too to buy a game?
What is better for rebuilding abysmal credit... trying to stick it out or declaring bankruptcy and starting over?
I'm scared to play basketball for the first time , help?
What plant is this? Is it marijuana???
Can someone briefly explain and describe what Doctor Who is all about?
Could I get a job in acting in America even though I'm English.?
Why do banks need to compete? Why can't we just have one bank of America owned by the people(the feds) where we place our money, get paid?
Are gold digging materialistic women rare or common these days?
Hector Camacho vs Sean O' Grady, 15 rounds, who wins?
Can you get grounded at 18?
Is this a panic attack?
What to expect working as a teacher s assistant in a kindergarten classroom?
Is there anyone in history to win a world title in both the UFC and Boxing?
Do you think this is true or false?
HELP there's a demon in my mirror?
Help! What to do if accidently used human shampoo (used Suave) on my rabbit??
Do Russians respect White People?
Agree or Disagree? God gave the land of Israel to the Jews as documented in the Bible (torah). God also said in the Bible?
PLEASE HELP?
Getting a tattoo while pregnant?
My son was caught stealing how can I punish him?
What happens when you pour lava on dry ice?
How to kick out a hoarder that lives in your own house?
Why can t the Democrats win in off-year elections?
Going Vegetarian or Vegan?
Why don't women realize how amazing they are?
I'm having an arranged marriage but I don't want it? My parents say they will throw me out?
Is suicide worth It?
Princess Charlotte Cambridge is 6 months old yet we know very little about her, is this good or bad?
Question to see if i fit in around here?
Small cut on guinea pig toe?
DOES STAPLES DO ON-DEMAND PRINTING?
In grammer the verb 'to be' can someone give me a clear explanation how it's the state of being?
I have a photography competition tomorrow. It s an open topic. Details are given below?
Can England survive 90 overs tomorrow to save the test?
Is it possible to get healthy food shops installed in high wycombe?
Frog as a pet?
Have I actually saved any animals by being vegan?
Ebay buyer is not paying until i pay a custom charge?
Am I legally required to pay child support for my "son" that I never legally adopted?
Who will be the next President of the United States?
What do you think about airline policies that make men sitting next to unaccompanied minors get up and take another seat.?
Should I get my belly button pierced?
For those who immediately pick nicknames for their children, why do you even bother to give them a proper name in the first place?
Can I lay carpet on top of laminate flooring without grippers or glue?
Boyfriend won't buy a house with me ?
Do authors write a book all in one document or write chapters on separate documents?
Why did the former owner of our house leave strange items behind?
Are 21 years old and 24 years old in the same age bracket?
How reliable is Germany's wind power?
How many minutes of Recess do you think grade school kids should get?
Does size matter?!?! (Question ; SEX)?
Difference between a hotel and a motel?
Which name do you like better?
My ex girlfriend want's to date a friend of mine. I told her that was unethical. I've asked some other friends,?
Should i leave my girlfriend before or after she has the baby?
What to do with my life now that Cross Country is over?
How did the Air Potato (Dioscorea Bulbifera) adapt to its environment?
I am a goddess trapped on Earth!?
Why do idiots call Border Collies "The Lassie Dog"?
Is there a less invasive way to get my male cat fixed then the current ecepted way?
I accidentally fed the kid I was babysitting some ant killer gel stuff, is he gonna be okay?
How to lure a raccoon to visit your house more often?
Since libs are making going to the bathroom complicated because of trans people why not just have all unisex bathrooms....then when Hillary?
My third eye is opening without my consent?!!!?
Attending first house party..?
How many numbers contain the digit 1?
Most painful constipation screaming and crying in pain, PLEASE HELP!!!?
We're Locked Out. If We Called the Police, Would They Let Us Back Inside?
Should I feel guilty that I returned four dogs to the shelter?
Which of these reasons is the best one for why Hillary Clinton should not be allowed near the presidency?
Many girls say be yourself, but they wear tons of makeup. Why?
Agree or disagree: For economic reasons, poor and dirt-broke people should avoid dating and marrying or shacking up until they're successful?
How to change silver membership to gold? Xbox Live?
Scared I have a Brain Tumor or any sort of cancer?
Woman stoned to death in Afghanistan over accusation of adultery, will UK adopt these punishments, conservative women know man is boss?
Scottish football.. Can I just thank the Celtic players for not being as good as what some people think they are?
Why can there be a higher chance of unsuccessful marriage and divorce if you are autistic or have disabilities?
How much do photographers make a month?
What kind of lizard can be held the most often?
Fallout 4 for PC or Ps4 what is better?
Can a Daith Piercing really help with Migraines?
Is boric acid SAFE to use in my kitchen sink?
Unexplained Scratches On Back Unexplained Occurrences In Home...?
Can I get pregnant from my saliva in mouth that has sperm when I had shower?
Weekly Salary 6.15 per hour up to 16 hours per week?
How to cope with this kind of news..?
Why isnt September 11th considered a holiday?
How do I detach a toenail?
Where do homeless people leave their possessions, say if they've got a job interview?
Second Devil who helped start fire at newman enterprises?
Which one?
If you know two people who have been widowed, sadly, and you think they would be a perfect couple....?
Mailing something through USPS?
Define Country.?
Good transport links in UK - where to live?
Carson stored a sponge in a patient's head, so why shouldn't he think pyramids were for storing grain?
I just found out that a cousin I never met murdered someone and I feel horrible. Should I try to locate the victim's family and apologize?
Am I racist?
Would you still watch the walking dead if all the zombies died off?
Why are Australian grocery stores so law quality?
What do i feed an injured bird?
How come when I get goldfish from a carnival , they keep dying on me?
Guys how to find the solution set of this equation: 6x^2+13+5=0? Please help me?
What pet should I get?
Will the insurance make a check out to me or the bank?
Can I bring my meds in my carry on or no ...?!? ???????????????
If the winter of 2014 happens again, is global warming falsified?
Why do I like songs considered bad?
Does anyone know what this item is called?
When should my daughter start wearing makeup?
McDonalds interview question?
I want a cheap but reliable toaster. What should I go with?
If my mom is approved for medicaid, they would take all her social security money to pay for Nursing skill facility. Is that normal?
Do you wear false eyelashes?
If you are against raising minimum wage to a living wage, what should we do with the low IQ citizens that perform?
What I get a ticket for doing this?
Nikon D3200?
Why can't all the European nations do what Sweden is doing and take in more refugees?
How can I save the battery on my laser pointer?
Is it easier to get cupcakes OR get a small cake for 10 guests at a birthday party?
Am I a bad parent for letting my son do whatever he wants and don't let my daughter do anything?
Question about hominid family...?
How can I be a sandwich artist at subway?
Some questions for soldiers and or army vets?
It has been said, that atmospheric pressure does not affect temperature Global warming of Venus?
My ancestors on census?
Can you extend a 15 storey commercial building to 30 storey without demolishing it?
How can I KEEP my room clean?
How do I stop my kitchen cabinet from squeaking really loudly when opening and closing?
Is this good when I break the school rules?
Parking ticket for parking on 'double yellows' which were nowhere to be seen?!?
CURRENT EVENTS: Do you believe the homosexual, Seann Miley Moore was voted off the X Factor due to his sexual orientation?
Black men and white women are a perfect match for each other?
Where were you on 9/11?
Can I make D1 basketball?
Has Starbuck sold its soul?
Is it true that many married men forgo their own happiness just to save their marriage?
Why do I keep waking up around 3am-4am every morning?
Horse Question!?
Im I pregnant?
Ways to use hardened bread?
Is it weird to be born on New Years Day?
Are there any card games with a "traitor" aspect to it?
What would Tim Flannery have to say about this?
Is ocean acidification going to continue to be a scare story for global warming alarmists now that a paper says corals are OK with acidic pH?
There's a little spider in my room that is hiding in a small hole on top of my gigantic cupboard what shall I do!? I'm afraid it will bite?
Invisalign vs. Braces??
Women shouldn't be abuse by men. Do you agree with me ?
Help getting tattoo tomorrow?
Would you have sex with your hot sister if no one ever found out?
My teacher accused me of cheating on a test?? What do I do!?
If you're dreaming about someone, does it mean they're dreaming about you too??
CAN SOMEONE PLEASE PAYPAL ME $6.00?
I was sick on a dick?
How can I get rid of a pimple OVERNIGHT? (IMPORTANT, 10 points!)?
Can I buy a new processor for my laptop?
URGENT HELP?
My girlfriend wants a 16gb ram desktop for good gaming performance instead of 8gb RAM. I told her for good performance, focus on GPU + CPU?
Which band do you prefer, Queen or Pink Floyd?
Why do people have such terrible opinions?
Which girl do you think looks the most beautiful..?
Would it be weird to ask my boyfriend to leave my shirt on during sex?
UK to receive 1,000 syrian "refugees" by christmas -- why are we taking them in when we have unemployed/homeless indigenous people?
Why Israel doesn't rebuild its Temple?
Why do people cling to fables* that "There is no God", or "Religion causes war", while lashing out negatively at those who disagree?
Need a new psu!?
In magic the gathering there is a card called extinction. It reads "destroy all creatures of any creature type of your choice."?
Can anyone help?? Yahoo mail gives me this error message: Some information below is incorrect. Please double check each field. Thanks?
How Much Does Fogo De Chao Cost?
Does anyone know of any romantic but not too heavy handed restaurants in NYC for a first date?
Can you socialise in London without spending money?
My baby brother has speech impariment, and I was wondering if it's curable and if it's possible that he'll talk normally if he takes therapy?
Best place to eat in Las Vegas?
Is it healthy to do holidays with your ex husband/wife?
Magic the Gathering?
Make a living playing poker? Please read below first.?
TO THOSE OF YOU WHO MAKE HAVE WORKED AT LITTLE TAVERN IN THE DC AREA: PLEASE... Tell me what kind of buns they used...?
I am planning a December shopping trip to Chicago.?
Can I use my friends dads ski pass to get past the lift line to go skiing?
The future?
Why do pc games come with a disc at all?
Right, so I started betting around 2 months ago?
How do lottery winners receive their money?
Can I live on financial aid/student loans for 9 months while I attend school full-time? (I am a single mother to a 2-year-old)?
Should I chase after my dreams or get a "real" job?
Is a boob job worth it?
Is there a form of unlimited or easily renewable fuel source?
What do the southern irish people think of the northern irish?
What year was it when most consumers stop buying and listening to vinyl records?
What is going on with that shrink on Y&R?
The man armed with a sward in Apple store, why didn't he get shot?
What race are Mexicans?
Why are there more bad things in the world than good things?
Brain tumor?
Should i install a gt wing on my car?
Simple problem perplexes, coin flip!?
Why do lottery jackpots almost always grow for weeks until it hits?
Can you find a wife in China?
$54000 in sales, $36,000 in wages, they earn $9.75 per hour for 37.5 hours per week.?
My partner wants to separate because I started running and practising to take part in marathon?
My son hates me and hates himself?
I can't change my Yahoo! profile picture. Is this a known bug?
