Which restaurant chain might entertain with this?
What is the zip code for ireland?
Do you live in denver colorado?
How does a bulletproof vest work?
I REALLY need help to find a villa holiday for the last 2 weeks in October. Websites?
Is Seattle talent a scam?
What nightclubs does Michelle Keegan go to in Manchester?
Does God exist and if yes why?
Why puma shoes have ferrari logo ?
What dies it mean to dream of a dead person that knows in the dream they are dying?
I NEED HELP FINDING AN APARTMENT IN HOUSTON TX THAT ACCEPT FELONIES?
What do dead things smell like?
What do people from Cork call themselves?
What are some commonly used vegetable that are used in Mexican dishes?
Is there a Bali total fitness gym near you?
Glasgow noise?
How can I join the Indian Army?
Were to bye a cheap pistol?
What does the cow say?
Why do people call Michael Jackson the King of Pop when really?
Were the Mongols and Turks linked somehow?
Is there any job at the age of 13?
How can it be legal to sell this kind of thing?
Need help planning a daytrip (lower mainland)?
Why do Italians eat pasta.?
How do I get a job on the books fast in Brooklyn NY? I can do things like UPS, Rite AId, CVS, Walgreens, Duane Reade. Just apply?
Sydney AU Cafe and now 120 dead Pakistani kids, where are all of the killings in the name of Jesus that Liberals talk about?
Did Burger King really buy Tim Hortons?
Cheap hotel in Brighton under 17!!?
Why are some cork people so deluded?
About Healthcare?
Why does CONsertatives think Presadunce Obamas needs CONgrass or the Senate to pass laws?
For my job I am getting paid $9.00 an hour and each day I only work 4 hours and 30 minutes am I getting cheated because of the 30 minutes?
How can Ted Cruz run for president if he was born in Canada ?
POLL: who here?
How to commute around gold coast?
Should New York Sucede?
List of restaurants in canada to apply at?
Is it illegal to copy paste a wikipedia article in an assignment?
How can build my body weight in 1 month.?
What do I do?
How popular is Myspace now day??
Any helpful tips for a student going abroad to New Zealand?
Did oil companies kill the electric car?
Is it cheaper to buy surfboard where it's not local or local? I mean close to the beach or in urban?
How tall does a back row rugby player need to be ?
Are we running out of water..?
1996 Acura Integra Popping out of Gear?
When did you stop sleeping with stuffed animals?
How are democrats racist?
Whats the best way to win money playing slots?
Can someone link me some easy songs for violin?
Can banks see your internet history/activity?
Is there heavenly wisdom in the Hebrew Letters?
What freedoms does the fight against global warming threaten?
Will Carbon Dioxide melt ice?
Just beat up 7 people for no reason and feel bad about it?
Ramadan: Are we the animals for torturing Beautiful God given creatures?
How come my friend keeps on annoying me and says that my camera is out of date?
Where are all those devastating hurricanes that were supposed to happen due to Global Warming?
What's my eye color?
Can I snort antibiotics?
If I ran for president and won could I act really stupid and manage to not get impeached?
Which is it? Are we going to burn to a crisp or freeze to death with Climate Change?
How do i stop social services from calling me vulnerable? i?
Neighbor water runoff?
Why do people hate pigs being pets?
Have lice in my house but not in my hair.?
Is Chess an Endorsement of Polygamy?
Can someone see what i did on their wifi?
Are we in our fathers before we're in our mothers?
Was Hitler's hatred for the Jews irrational?
What is it about AGW that you are skeptical of?
Is 7200 rpm good for a 2 TB hard drive?
Surge Protection on Ethernet cable. How am I expected to install this in order to protect my computer? The grounding wire confuses me.?
Why can't Cyclops stop lying about global warming?
If I'm not US citizen how difficult can I get a job in CIA or FBI or another job in USA?
What happens if I get caught driving without a license?
Do girls like old fashioned gentleman anymore?
Can you think of any creative ways to destroy an Xbox?
Isn't it time that the UK stopped being selfish and allowed the Calais scum in and provided them with housing and unlimited benefits?
How do I prove to my ex I misscarried his kid?
Should I be excused from my summer reading?
Can I pull bullets out of their casings?
Is it weird makeup 10 points?
Good name for a chevy silverado?
Is my pink toe tarantula dead?
Wil I have a higher chance of getting pulled over if I drive a 64 impalla?
How to be artsy?
Why are girls so fake?
Ways to make yourself grow quicker?
I had a dream where I died and I want to know what the details might mean?
Why do people always almost run me over in the cross walk???
Can I take my 1st graders to the playboy mansion as a field trip??
Why do so many people in britain have irish last names?
Throwing up and having it burn after?
How did Japan's invasion of China lead to World War 2?
My dad doesnt want me to have a boyfriend??
What happens when you shave a policeman?
I don't eat meat but I'm not a vegetarian?
Why isnt disrespect towards corporations illegal?
Is it bragging of they ask?
Are quarter horses good hunter jumpers?
Chicken fries?
Dissatisfied with work, messy home, lack of fun, lost friends....can you tell me why?!?
Why is it only majority white Caucasian countries that 'have' to be multicultural ?
Ways to make my immune system stronger?
Can you ID this Fossil ?
I Want The Computer!?
Fire in the microwave. Is it going to be okay?
Torque vs. Horsepower?
Why is it so dangerous at night?
Should I give up on my singing dream?
(Guys only please) is a clit piercing a turn on or turn off?
What cat food should I feed my ferrets? Please help!!?
I literally just dreamt the man who raped me escaped prison?
Do evil dogs exist?
Does running everyday bad for my body?
Did scientists ever find the missing link to prove their evolution theory?
Bone in neck?
So the Queen became longest reigning monarch at 9am on 9/9?
Economics True or False:?
Why are prices marked as $2.99, 4.99 etc?
Vyacheslav Krasheninnikov predicted the Twins and the Statue of Liberty incidents, but what about the specifics?
Why Won't My Wrist Break?
My friends at school told my I was stupid because I said they speak Chinese in China, am I wrong?
Why is britain 'doing business ' with isis and saudia arabia?
I have irrefutable proof of god. Do you agree? I bought a burrito and went to wash my hands when I came back the burrito was gone.?
How do i start investing in stocks ?
Thoughts about 9/11?
Is this recipe okay for cats?
Government paid scientists predicted an ice-free Arctic by now, were they right?
Do you really have to have a degree to be in the medical field?
How can I earn my spot on a team?
Women can give up a child for adoption with no financial obligation and no social stigma....?
Is this Global Warming quiz found on Yahoo really based on science?
Help For A Type One Brittle Diabetic?
I just bought a car yesterday can I go back to dealer and trade it for another?
Why can't you be gay in the Army?
Am I pregnant??!?
What do Russians and Armenians think of each other?
Frequently I getting Jesus dreams...?
Isn't it bad to post links to racist websites on here?
Does anyone actually believe that a person like Trump is presidential material?
School wont allow glasses?
Does size matter that much?
Ive picked wild blackberries, plums and apples, what shall i make?
The seed on my lemon plant has gotten moldy, I have leaves now but I'm worried if I should Remove the seed or not. Will the mold hurt it?
Is it sad as a girl to go to a movie by myself?
Will my laptop still upgrade to Windows 10 if I am asleep with my laptop shut?
Pick your favorite first and middle name combination?
Can you camp at a campground out of season?
Professor failed me ?
My friend stole a dress what should she do?
I m 18 & female. I m quite good looking but feel really insecure about myself. I just don t feel good enough?
Christians, do you believe that Abortion is murder?
Food was awful at Cheesecake Factory was I in the wrong?
Poll : Did you know that if you drink orange juice after 11 PM you will die before the age of 150?
I read somewhere about the " US war on drugs n Mexico" Why is the US fighting it , and not Mexico ?
Magic the gathering blocking/attacking?
Is this true about Marine JAG?
What would you do for your winter birthday?
My girlfriend said I don't know how to eat her out and I'm feeling so bad because I don't understand how to do it.?
Why does the New York Times ignore the empirical data showing no warming while implying that man-made Global Warming skeptics are like Nazis?
What do you think of agenda driven rape hoaxes like Rolling Stone magazine's "A Rape On Campus" by Sabrina Erdely?
I brought a raised garden bed, but it has no bottom?
I twisted my ankle 4 days ago and im still having trouble with it.?
Maths equation help?
Who should Corbyn surround himself with? Who should make up the "shadow ( puppet) cabinet?
Finding the mid-point maths homework help?!?
Are Leo really fat like every says?
Poll: What's the last thing you did that you're proud of?
Is it true what this say that Congress is going to impeach obama?
Health insurance problems for an 18 year old?
Do you think dvd was the worst invention?
Whats the point of choosing the best answer. Yahoo answers.?
Will kratom work for me?
Do you think I'm shallow (please)?
How do I get out of ITB (For many medical reasons)?
Is it true that the majority of US population do not want free healthcare and are in favour of mass immigration?
Why do some people think I'm conservative?
What is a vegan? Can someone explain?
How to conceal ciggarette smell?
Were the soldiers really spit on and called cruel names during the Vietnam War?
How many times should I let my dog bite my young child?
I'm Afraid I Might Throw Up, Help Me?!?
How to dress like a Classic biker?
Can you reserve a pets spot on a plane online?
Why would a guy be watching me out his office window?
Low hanging fruit?
Why is dark hair with a light streak in it depicted as "evil"?
Can a mans penis still grow after 18?
Are modern passenger ships floating death traps for men?
Atheists: why did the passengers not fight back on 9/11?
Please offer me any kind words...?
Why are you idiots still saying that la liga is better than the premier league?
For those who actually watched the debate: Who if any GOP candidate could Hilary Clinton beat in a general election?
It is good for the beach?
Why is it ok for animals to eat meat but not humans?
Which alcohols give you the worst breath?
Is it true that the world has never been as hot as now (Climate Change)?
Can you patent an IDEA for a mobile application (Apple/Android) before the application is created?
Tax lax, which party gets to claim the mortgage interest?
Is it wiser to remain single and childless for life?
Who else thinks Ahmeds "clock" looked like a mock bomb?
Do you think Italian food is the best cuisine in the world?
Do you think refugees should get NO welfare, NO housing, NO NOTHING?
I think I'm adopted and this is why I think so?
Do I look fat and ugly ?
Something in my room seriously stinks and I can't find what it is?
Right I want to be a pilot, hoping to go to pilot school in the near future. What at all could stop me on the quest to go to pilot school?
Have you ever had an unexpected surprise that just made your day, or week,?
Pregnancy?
Adoption Scam??
Baby bearded dragon broken leg?
Strange dream and meaning of dreams?
I m in love, my heart is broken and I m only 15?
Computer systems - BIOS?
A teacher at my high school slapped me across the face for being disruptive in class. What should I do?
Do you remember the Y!A Member Samantha is Closer to the Edge?
How can i get my astigmatism worse in real life or habitual paractice?
How do I make my boobs closer together?
Abortion issue! Need urgent help!?
In what sense is God male? Does he have a penis? Does he have a Y chromosome?
What should be done to level the playing field so that all manufacturers must provide the same degree of water quality protection?
I put motor oil in my transmission..?
What would happen if you pushed the accelerator down in neutral then switched to drive while your foot is still on the accelerator?
IPhone stolen?
If evolution is true then how come i dont see my dog evolving into a cat?
Am I an idiot?
Can I eat a pepper that bugs have been on?
R9 390 vs GTX 980?
Why can't we roll our eyes all the way around into the back of our heads?
I might go to jail?
Winston Churchill history?
Is beauty really in the eye of the beholder?
Will my steak come out more tender if i soak it in meat tenderizer and water?
I'm supposed to be in JV, but I'm the top 10 so they shove me in varsity and I will be bottom 10 and this is giving me severe anxiety?
Do you have to be funny to be a video game reviewer?
How can I remove the burnt food smell from my apt without using perfumes?
Is the sentence "Europe invaded Africa" wrong??
DUMP THE TRUMP!!! FEEL THE BERN!!!?
Scared of ouiji bored?
Is a bridged amp necessary?
Does the monthly money you pay for leasing/financing a car include insurance?
I have horrible acne and nothing works . help??!!?
My parents think I should live with my boyfriend?
EVERY ONE LOOK AT HOW IGNORANT THIS LEOPARD GECKO OWNER IS.?
Im scared of death?
Im an english rider and I need some serious advice.?
What can I use instead of a comforter during summer?
Has suspected terrorist Joshua Goldberg ever been to Israel?
If the Principal in Texas thought the clock was a bomb why didn't he evacuate the school?
Can I ask how many right wingers in CE got humped over the bacon sandwich?
Why is Victoria's Secret PINK so expensive when the clothes are so casual?
If the illuminati wants to "take over" the world why haven't they done it by now?
Can I call 911 on a cell phone that is deactivated?
Why did the media only show images of Trayvon Martin as a 12 year old?
Am I northern?
How to write a novel that DOESN'T seem/sound like a young adult book?
Why do i look good in only some pictures?
DID I WIN THE YAHOO LOTTO OR IS THIS ANOTHER SCAM?
Getting abs like these?
Where to get cute, affordable bedding sets online?
What does it mean if your thoughts always end up in circular reasoning?
What does it cost my stock broker for me to make a trade?
"Banquet" Macaroni And Cheese?
IP address?
OMG I LOST MY WALLET!?
Windows XP to Windows 7?
Name a job that requires wearing a suit?
What do i write in the underlines here:?
Help with identifying grass species!?
Different "dialects" of Chinese?
WHERE CAN I GET A CHEAP IO HAWK?
Answering in the fish category?
HELP MY PET ROCK STOPPED BREATHING?
Who would date me?
How do English speakers pronounce 'obvious'?
How much environmental disruption does there have to be for global warming deniers to admit they are wrong?
Gift from Kyoto(Japan)?
Is it difficult to file down the firing mechanism on a revolver to create a hair trigger?
Can soldiers refuse to go to war?
Magic the Gathering, blue/white standard deck. Looking to add a planeswalker.?
What happened To Corey Kluber?
Why hasn't man reached the moon again?
Where are we from?
Why do so many horse riders/trainers stay in the middle ages with their bits, spurs and training techniques?
Has 'science' now become a religion in it's own right?
Nobody really knows. Though it has been speculated more than enough times, that the first humans orginated from the continent of ?
Oily Skin Help?
Do muslim parents know that their kids masturbate?
My armpits still stink?
Why are my pitbulls fighting?
Anyone know of Disneyland discount tickets?
How do you win at the board game Monopoly?
What is it called when you use "U" instead of "YOU"?
Why do people like to drink coffee/tea regularly?
Where can i find or get a bassoon?
Why is Obama reportedly furious about this picture with him admiring Putin, and what will he do now that he IS so furious?
Which programming language is most suitable for building System Softwares and Why?
Classmate messed up in peer grading?
In need of Audiophile help.?
Is it possible to legally be a citizen of 2 countries?
Will a .22lr ricochet off a tree?
How am I supposed to "love" my wife when she believes all forms of love is an attack to manipulate her to be taken advantage of?
Ex sent nudes to me through my university mail and to my parents house which I stay at during the summer. Anything I can do?
What would life be like for a poor teenage boy living in Paris?
Would Conservative's heads explode if Hillary got the nomination and then she picked Bernie Sanders as her VP?
Why people say money cant buy happiness ?
How does a power bank charge?
Homeschooling?
Travelling Australia.. Where to start and how to plan?
How to safely pull onto the highway when driving?
Whats it like after a muslim couple get married?
Who else is thinking of going to see Crimson Peak this weekend?
Does this quote makes sense?
Are homophobic trolls likely to be gay?
What do Chelsea fans make of Mourinho's behaviour?
Are people being to harsh on the Kardashian family for going to see Lamar Odom? They were his family and still are by documents?
How can I learn bass guitar?
Will girls stop seeing my tattoos as a porn symbol and start talking to me again ?
An anonymous number called offering classes for $200 a month is it a scam?
Would you rather have dinner with the Kardashians or the Anti-Christ?
Is it possible to get into acting (movies or tv shows) with regular acting classes?
Do I have extreme views on humanity and reality?
Am I a bad employee? Is this normal?
I have a lump near my anus?
Who do you think is the main character in The Walking Dead?
So our band is going to a competition, and I was wondering what should I take since I haven't gone before?
True or false: You feel more secure in a Western saddle then you do in an English one.?
Is it possible to ask the pharmacist the cost of a prescription before choosing to fill it?
Why does Yahoo and other news sources titillate with headlines such as " 4 Palestinians shot dead in Israel in latest violence"?
How to start off an opinion article/piece?
I can t ejaculate during any type of sex eg intercourse and oral but I can ejaculate during masturbation, is there anyway I can fix this ?
Is it fun being a pilot?
97 Toyota Camry Tie rods?
Good shows to watch on Netflix?
Is it to early?
Where do teens hang out for their birthday?
Really down on my self after I don't score a goal?
What happened to the tallahatchie bridge?
How to grow a foot taller?
How do I convince my parents that I NEED a ps4?
Is cottage cheese a healthy substitute for meat?
I'm the son of a rich and powerful 2 star General?
Is there a way I can fade a very small part of my fresh tattoo?
I'm sick and forced to school tomorrow?
Do americans have air conditioner in every single room ?
Healthy blood pressure 23 year old male.?
My dog is sick and I think she might be dying.?
Can my car handle my subwoofers?
How bad is a 1.5 GPA high school?
Cat jumps on table, steals human food?
Which of these are your favorite WWE PPV match of the year 2006 from the top 15 list?
Time dilation. Theory of special relativity?
Is it legal for a 38 year old man sexting a 16 year old girl?
Is it A good idea to rent a car for me to learn how to drive?
How can u tell u won anything on draftkings?
What would you name 5 children using these name?
Where to stay in Norway to see the Northern Lights?
My parents refused let me get a flu shot. Why??
What happens if you cant pay off your student loans?
Types of controls for colour changing LEDs.?
Wake up sometimes from dream crying, is this normal?
I feel so sad. What should I do?
Is it possible to live life in a treehouse?
What do i do!?! :(?
How do you grow your nails long?
My baby is 7 weeks old. He drinks about 5 oz of formula every 2-3 hours and doesn't seem satisfied. Is there anything I can do to help?
BMI of 18.2?
Can a period cost like "selling and administrative expenses" have both variable and fixed costs? or Can they have either of them?
How do you feel about The Canadian Liberals winning the election making Justin Trudeau "son of Pierre Trudeau" our new Prime Minister?
Why is my Core i7 Lenovo laptop so slow?
When will we ever get our george jetsons spaceship they promised us in the 70's-80's?
Everyone on ps4 doesn't believe I'm a girl?
How can I protect myself from cell phone radiation?
Do you drink daily?
My puppy is barely eating. Any advice?
If Star Wars Princess Leia was a good Christian would she have obeyed and submitted to Jabba the Hutt?
HELP! I have a virus?
WW1 documentary on Germany?
Do I have testicular cancer?!?
Is it cruel to have sex after an abortion?
I am getting my wisdom teeth out soon (age 12) and I am a little scared because I watched a video of the procedure.?
Will my Bearded Dragon get sick?
How can I stop biting my nails?
Do men care if a vagina is hairy?
I need my 2013 1040 federal form for mortgage loan?
Why do liberals refuse to believe in Reagan?
What is making a bang on my water pipes at the same time every day?
